working on categorizing something in Arknights: Endfield
can you put this weaponlist.txt into either some sort of json or python file format. make sure the first, second and third categories of stats are specifically defined. so really what i want is like
Name
Weapon Type
Rarity
Attribute Stats
Attribute Stats Max Value
Secondary Stats
Secondary Stats Max Value
Skill Stats
Skill Stats Max Effect

For example
Sundered Prince
Greatsword
6
Strength
156
Critical Rate Boost
19.5
Crusher
Princely Deterrence: When the wielder performs a Final Strike on the enemy, ATK +28.0% for 8s.
If the wielder is also the controlled operator, Final Strike deals Stagger +33.6% to the enemy.
Effects of the same name cannot stack.

at the same time i want to have a checklist for each weapon on whether it's obtained as well as a check for if the essence has been obtained.

for the essence, this is like a mod for the weapon that needs to match its three weapon stats. for example Seeker of Dark Lung needs a Strength Boost, Ultimate Gain Boost and Detonate

rather than true/false lets just use integers for number owned

Furthermore, there are multiple "Severe Energy Alluvium" to categorize. this is where you can farm essences. I want to be able to calculate for which primary item i'm farming for, which is the best location to obtain other essences which i don't own, prioritizing weapons I have but don't have the essences for. in fact let's have these priority levels for essences in order, you can pick high to low or low to high:

priority 5: essence is flagged as desired
priority 4: essence count = 0 and weapon count > 0
priority 3: essence count = 0 and weapon count = 0
priority 2: essence count > 0 but weapon count > essence count
priority 1: essence count > 0 and weapon count = essence count

when farming, we can select THREE Attribute Stats and ONE of either Secondary Stats or Skill Stats. For example, I could pick Strength/Main/Will and Ultimate Efficiency gain. The outcomes will then always be either strength, main or will and always ultimate and one of 8 skill stats. so there's a 1 in 24 chance of getting the exact combination you want in this way.

what i want to solve for is which selections touch upon the most unobtained essences. so it should first solve where each weapon can even be obtained. then for each possible selection, which secondary/skill stat choice leads to the most of any priority valid essence outcomes. after that, it's very unlikely but let's check the attribute stats at that point to see if the possible outcomes have more than 3 attribute stats. but this isn't very important to me - it's unlikely to begin with and if any choice can lead to 3 valid essence outcomes that's already very good. but interesting and could decide tiebreakers i guess. finally, maybe think of some way of ranking the choices that lead to multiple valid essence. don't worry about ranking choices that only lead to one valid essence. at that point the user can decide if he wants to farm just for a single essence or not. then maybe you can decide some way to rank between the options if you want. or maybe just show the best 100 options with the most valid essence outputs that are above priority 1. not sure on this part yet.

all Severe Energy Alluvium can match any weapon skill 1 (agility boost, strength boost, will boost, intellect boost, main attribute boost)

for the others, the stats are shown in the images in order: The Hub, Originium Science Park, Origin Lodespring, Power Plateau, Wuling City
